Chat Kore Implementations (a bit of a write up and then some few unofficial notes for those wondering what's going on behind closed doors)

this is a brief and unedited overview that is presented without warranty and has flaws. this is presented as proof of ongoing work. this information is proprietary but may be viewed by the public.
Copyright Joseph Stephen White 2019 https://github.com/joeswhite


There is an overriding need for provable national security, reporting of suspicious broadcasts, stopping illicit transport of data packets, proper censorship of the airwaves and more to attain the longevity and security of our homeland in an ever changing world where both foreign and internal threats can become an ever increasing challenge while still allowing the proper freedoms legally granted to individuals licensed to use the frequencies allotted to them. Also, it is imperative to create a communications protocol that confirms that each packet in a chain of a transmission is appropriately and is truly sent by the transmitter. Currently there are no solutions that meet the requirements that are believed to alleviate this for the world at large. This problem, the lack of data-censorship of allotted ameture bands, is the base argument for many large companies successful purchase of such previously open bands. Such companies include verizon, sprint and tmobile who are currently bidding successfully for additional open bands for their financial gain as cell phone bands (including the FCC's contemplation to auction bands currently used by wireless routers).


It has become a recent trend in the world for people to need more and more bandwidth in less served rural areas. There are many limitations to these bandwidth needs such as the inability to run long haul lines for only a few residents in towns with populations of only a dozen or so persons. To do this, it is nearly financially impossible to not only turn a profit but to even break even. 

This proposal and test bed also has future plans to show how, with the help of both professional censorship by the fcc, and through the automated process of double blind metadata collection requiring a judge's warrant, physical signature, and digital signature as well as a duly acting agent's physical and digital signature to store information in a meaningful way that also allows the legal collection of data. This metadata collection system, at the discretion of the FCC (or other ruling body), can remove information from the network, or flag it. One can do cell by cell based collection using the system describe below to take such an encryption scheme and encrypt data so that it requires the encrypted key signature (both physical and through their use of a secured encryption key) along with an acting agent to duly unlock data that is otherwise locked into a system that an attacking user can not decrypt due to it's use of a double blind system which rotates keys. That means without a judge's acceptance of the decision, the authority of a user can be presented to all users of a network. these users can then swarm the network by providing this data.
Furthermore, it is possible, through the use of 3 dimensional spherical keys, and biomarker keys (both methods withheld from this collection of notes at this time) to allow grand juries to investigate, or to allow congressional committees to access files in the cell based encryption scheme while still allowing such information to remain locked from other persons, such as those being indicted. 

Transmission of packets is done structurally as though a tree has been presented. Starting at the head of the file from left to right


file structure tree:
Each header of a set of files is simply the hash value of the files... a:534234087aaabababafaf879af0a9f87
You can store that object once and then it is always referred to as a variable so it takes less storage space allowing faster transmission... $1a:b|$1b:a|$1c:ba|$1d:a3535ffff98769786dddd|$1e:2442428947240249870
2a:$1e|2b:34352539087c:2c:$1a
3a:$2b

When Two cells have the same value they are linked. This linked value may have a different key, or may be from a totally different tree than it is in. This is of no consequence as this isnt meant to be secure, but as a way to save space. As you can now see, having all the headers allows you to eventually save space as more and more archives come along, more and more data will become similar, eventually reaching the point where all data on the network just needs to be arranged just to change where in the file it is placed requiring us to just create symlinks, meaning the network no longer needs to broadcast entire files but simple network initiated file reorganizations. This information is also required in the linking process for all nodes to verify that the node is a valid node on the network. This allows the network to verify that all files are being acknowledged by the network. This also allows the network to catch up while new items are being added. While this may seem a bit like overkill and the network should not require a main database of all files required, this structure can be broken and amended as we go. The network does not require beginning and middle parts. It can simply pick up the headers it wishes to request. So we are encouraging it by linking bytes that are the same. Just like you don't define a word multiple times with 1 definition each time in the dictionary, you don't define a set of bytes once for each time you use it. The test bed defines it once and gives all possible definitions after stored once and links to the fragment.

The only time we are worried about using a secure signature encryption algorithm is when the "hammer keys" are issued to broadcast user for their official signature to knock (sign into the network). Hammer keys are the secure keys that are your login and pack sign keys unique to each call sign. It's basically your license to be on the network. By tracking the licenses not only can the FCC automate who is legally and illegally using the system they can also see who is a potential threat because they are using bands outside of the frequencies used by the national net. While legal to use outside frequencies it is still a good practice to watch those frequencies.

So here's just a quick low down.
The protocol just sends the packet as a databurst. Starting at the top of the tree (the header of the file directory).
The header is sent first and then the reference object variables are sent. After that, the substituted objects are sent. As each layer of importance goes down you can stop listening at the point your file ends, allowing you to only get what you need and break from the transmission early if you do not need to listen for the entire broadcast, saving time and resources. This also allows you to later go back and get the rest of the directory, and depending on how much of the header you have, it allows you to rebuild a broken and missing file completely lost from the archives by putting together the archive fragments of other substituted branches.
The national net only broadcasts nationally approved information from an organization such as the FCC or ARRL such as national news, emergency information (FEMA, weather alerts etc) and other pertinent information such as simple web pages for news. The local nets that publish data (such as local ARES nets and mesh nets wishing to publish on the national net) are pushed to other nets. This data is pushed either locally through repeaters on side channels and repeatedly swarmed through local repeaters across the country to those networks who support each other, or through long hauls or other online methods using the internet or other links. 
To request a packet that is not currently known to the local net, the local net can either deny the request completely, or it can request it from another net. If the other nets request it the request can be inspected for accuracy the entire way as the packet can be inspected as the packet is signed by the beginning user and every user along the way.
Another advantage is that a user can request a swarm and variable band usage. Swarming allows a number of routers to send data at once over various bands on the airwaves (ala bittorrent) and variable band usage allows the use of either multiple bands or widen and narrow the band depending on the data. It also allows you to dictate what bytes and what data type gets sent on what frequencies so as to allow the best packet transmission rate since each type of data transmits better at a different frequency due to differences in the environment such as if its day or night or if there are solar flares.
We can use multiple frequencies too. By also setting on the base frequency a handshake packet confirming the dynamic bandwidth frequencies to use, one can transmit either long haul or close net and do multiple channels too for faster transmissions to multiple people potentially taking data seconds to transmit across the country over the air versus a month via a gigabit backbone.

"Tulip Routing"
Tulip routing is simple. Tulip routing, the idea is to allow the inspection of the inside of the packet (the pollen of the flower) and to allow us to sniff the packet data (smell the tulip) so we can verify who the signers are, and what the data is, without manipulating the data inside. This analogy goes through the fact that a tulip is genetically always a tulip but when a tulip packet first starts the line, the packet starts as a straight line to the router and back, but as the packet grows it opens as initially one simple slit in a green bud, if the router/node/network hits (obtains the data), it initially can be seen as an initial bloom. If required, it can be passed along the chain. The bloom opens more and more pedals can be seen. These pedals are each router signing on the packet that they are part of the routing so as to allow the network to know where the packet went on its trip and to allow the network to know who all was on the network and who did and did not have the packet. This will allow assessment of the network in an open method to see where the limitations of the network are and allow the user to, in real time, inspect the packet routing through the airwaves. This again allows proper inspection of the packets by both the ham radio users and the fcc. Each pedal of the tulip packet must be signed by the preceding router or it will be rejected by the next router or node. If a node (or a node's network) has the required information, the final person will "pick" the tulip and send back the tulip bulb (the information that is being requested) through either the previous route or, if a faster route is know, it will send it through the faster path thus creating a new tulip seed allowing all routers on the chain to be notified of the optimized route. The data returned to a node requesting data is also sent in a tulip routing packet with a checksum hash of the requesting users packet by signing the newly formed tulip packet with the returning hammer key and sending the message to the public hammer key and the tulip packet unique id to the original requesting user.
If an error is noted, any other node can interject on another frequency or method (such as remote long haul line) of voting expressing that the data as bad, after a certain percentage of the total reported network invalidates a piece of data. The data as well as the node sending the data it is reported to the FCC, removed from the network.


this is a brief and unedited overview that is presented without warranty and has flaws. this is presented as proof of ongoing work. this information is proprietary but may be viewed by the public.
Copyright Joseph Stephen White 2019 https://github.com/joeswhite

